Add homeserver pricing FAQ about room upgrades (#2862)
matrix-org/matrix.org: content/homeserver/pricing.md

## FAQs

Please find the answers to some questions below. For anything else please refer to the [blog post](/blog/2025/06/funding-homeserver-premium) to answer your questions.

### Can an account on the Free usage plan upgrade a public room?

> Yes, an account on the Free usage plan can upgrade a public room using the [room upgrade API](https://spec.matrix.org/latest/client-server-api/#post_matrixclientv3roomsroomidupgrade).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, an account on the Free usage plan can upgrade a public room using the [room upgrade API](https://spec.matrix.org/v1.15/client-server-api/#post_matrixclientv3roomsroomidupgrade).
```
